Updated Basic Usage of Transformation Functions (#2907)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/basics.md

renames source column(s);
- `source_column_selector`:  
selects source column(s) without transforming them
(used often with `select` for moving or deleting columns);

The most basic `source_column_selector` is a column name, but there are many more ways to
select columns as explained in the
[Indexing API documentation](https://dataframes.juliadata.org/stable/lib/indexing/#Indexing).

Here `function` is a function which operates on an entire data frame
column passed as type `Vector`.
If you instead want to apply a function to each element in the column,
then you can wrap your element-wise function in `ByRow` like
`function = ByRow(my_elementwise_function)`,
which will conveniently collect your element-wise function results
into a `Vector`.
When multiple columns are selected,
the `function` will receive the columns as multiple arguments in the
order they are selected like `function(column1, column2, column3)`.
Alternatively, the selected columns can be "slurped" into a
single argument using `function(columns...)`.
In more advanced usage, the `function` itself can use column selectors
in its definition.

`new_column_name` may be a `String` or a `Symbol`.

> (*Soon `new_column_name` will also accept a renaming function.*)

Author: Can you only use the renaming function in the `source_column_selector => function => new_column_names` form? If I use a renaming function in `source_column_selector => new_column_names`, it thinks I am trying to do `source_column_selector => function`.

> (*Soon `new_column_name` will also accept a renaming function.*)

Reviewer: Can you please share the code you are using as I am not clear what is not working for you?

If in `a => b` the `b` part is a function it will be interpreted as transformation specification. It is the only way it could be interpreted, as otherwise how could DataFrames.jl know if `b` should be a transformation or a column renaming function?

If you pass `a => b => c` then `c` can be one of:
* `AsTable`
* list of column names
* a function taking input column names from `a` and producing target column names

> (*Soon `new_column_name` will also accept a renaming function.*)

Author: You confirmed my suspicion. I didn't know if there was a special way around the `a => b` renaming limitation.
```julia
julia> using DataFrames

julia> df = DataFrame(x=[1,7,3], y=[6,0,2])
3×2 DataFrame
 Row │ x      y     
     │ Int64  Int64 
─────┼──────────────
   1 │     1      6
   2 │     7      0
   3 │     3      2

julia> newname(x::String) = x*"_new"
newname (generic function with 1 method)

julia> transform(df, :x => (x -> 2x) => newname)
3×3 DataFrame
 Row │ x      y      x_new 
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     1      6      2
   2 │     7      0     14
   3 │     3      2      6

julia> transform(df, :x => newname)
ERROR: MethodError: no method matching newname(::Vector{Int64})
Closest candidates are:
  newname(::String) at REPL[3]:1
Stacktrace:
 [1] _transformation_helper(df::DataFrame, col_idx::Int64, ::Base.RefValue{Any})
   @ DataFrames C:\Users\nboyer.AIP\.julia\dev\DataFrames\src\abstractdataframe\selection.jl:397
 [2] select_transform!(::Base.RefValue{Any}, df::DataFrame, newdf::DataFrame, transformed_cols::Set{Symbol}, copycols::Bool, allow_resizing_newdf::Base.RefValue{Bool})
   @ DataFrames C:\Users\nboyer.AIP\.julia\dev\DataFrames\src\abstractdataframe\selection.jl:575
 [3] _manipulate(df::DataFrame, normalized_cs::Vector{Any}, copycols::Bool, keeprows::Bool)
   @ DataFrames C:\Users\nboyer.AIP\.julia\dev\DataFrames\src\abstractdataframe\selection.jl:1444
 [4] manipulate(::DataFrame, ::Any, ::Vararg{Any, N} where N; copycols::Bool, keeprows::Bool, renamecols::Bool)
   @ DataFrames C:\Users\nboyer.AIP\.julia\dev\DataFrames\src\abstractdataframe\selection.jl:1372
 [5] #select#466
   @ C:\Users\nboyer.AIP\.julia\dev\DataFrames\src\abstractdataframe\selection.jl:992 [inlined]
 [6] transform(df::DataFrame, args::Any; copycols::Bool, renamecols::Bool)
   @ DataFrames C:\Users\nboyer.AIP\.julia\dev\DataFrames\src\abstractdataframe\selection.jl:1070
 [7] transform(df::DataFrame, args::Any)
   @ DataFrames C:\Users\nboyer.AIP\.julia\dev\DataFrames\src\abstractdataframe\selection.jl:1059
 [8] top-level scope
   @ REPL[6]:1
```

> (*Soon `new_column_name` will also accept a renaming function.*)

Reviewer: > the `a => b` renaming limitation.

If you pass one column (as this is what you do) just write `a => identity => b` or just `a => newname(string(a))`.

The function interface is intended for the cases where you rather perform multiple transformations in one shot.

### Constructing Transformation Pairs
All of the functions above use the same syntax which is commonly
`transformation_function(source_dataframe, transformation)`.
The `transformation` argument is a `Pair` which defines the
transformation to be applied to the `source_dataframe`,
and it can take any of the forms listed below:

- `source_column_selector => function`
  - passes source column(s) to function
  - automatically names the resulting column(s)
- `source_column_selector => function => new_column_names`
  - passes source column(s) to function
  - names the resulting column(s) `new_column_names`
  - *cannot be used with `subset` or `subset!`*
- `source_column_selector => new_column_names`
  - renames source column
  - *may only select one column unless broadcasting*
  - *cannot be used with `subset` or `subset!`*
- `source_column_selector`
  - selects source column(s) without transforming them
  - *often used with `select` or `select!` for isolating or moving columns*

#### `source_column_selector`
The most basic `source_column_selector` is a column name, but there are many more ways to
select columns as explained in the first section of the 

> [Indexing API documentation](https://dataframes.juliadata.org/stable/lib/indexing/#Indexing).

Author: How do I make this an internal link?

Reviewer: Please check the Documenter.jl documentation. I never remember this. Maybe just writing `#Indexing` is enough?

Author: I think `[Indexing](@ref)`? https://juliadocs.github.io/Documenter.jl/dev/man/syntax/#@ref-link

## Basic Usage of Transformation Functions

> In DataFrames.jl there are seven functions that can be used to transform data frame columns:

Reviewer: It seems to me that `subset` is not transforming columns of a data frame. Maybe use some more general name for the operation if you want to keep `subset` in the list? (keeping in mind that you do not list `filter` here)

| Function     | Memory Usage                     | Column Retention                             | Row Retention                                       |
| ------------ | -------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |

> | `transform`  | Creates a new data frame.        | Retains both source and transformed columns. | Retains same number of rows as source data frame.   |

Reviewer: maybe there is a better word than *transformed*? the reason is that we have `transform` function. I think it would be clearest if this "word" would be first introduced like:

> all the functions take a data frame as a first argument and then a list of operations that should be performed on the columns of this data frame

In this wording we could later use *operation* word.

(I am giving vague suggestions as I am not a native speaker and here every word matters)

Author: `operation` is good.

Yes, I'm not totally happy with having `transform`, `transformation_function`, and `transformation` all mean different things.

Similarly, I somewhat dislike the name `function` in `source_column_selector => function` since you cannot write:
```julia
source_column_selector = "x"
function(x) = 2x #error
transform(df, source_column_selector => function) #error
```
However, I ultimately left the `function` name since I think it is the most descriptive.

Reviewer: So let us agree on the following terminology:
```
source_column_selector => operation_function => new_column_names
```
and the whole `Pair` syntax is `operation`. The interpretation of `operation` is defined in `operation mini-language`. The functions that interpret `operation` using the `operation mini-language` meaning are called `functions performing operations` or `functions supporting operation mini-language` (both forms are acceptable).

If we (@nathanrboyer, @nalimilan and @bkamins + @pdeffebach if available) agree on this terminology (i.e. if in this thread we all agree that this is what we like) then:
* this PR should be accordingly adjusted (both in "code" sections and in descriptions)
* whole documentation and manual should be re-written to use it consistently (in a separate PR; I can do this if no-one else wants after this PR is merged)

@nathanrboyer - before making these changes let us first agree that we like the wording. Let me summarize it in bullets again:

1. `source_column_selector => operation_function => new_column_names`
2. whole `Pair` syntax is `operation`.
3. interpretation of `operation` is defined in `operation mini-language`
4. functions (8 of them in total) that interpret `operation` using the `operation mini-language` meaning are called `functions performing operations` or `functions supporting operation mini-language` (both forms are acceptable).

Author: 3. I prefer `operation syntax`. The language is still Julia. 🤷‍♂️
4. I count 7 functions in my table. What am I missing?
    Could these be called `manipulations` or `manipulation functions`?
    I think it would have to clarified to be "functions performing DataFrame.jl `operations`" since all functions perform operations in general.

Reviewer: 1. `operation syntax` is OK
2. yes `7` (I just multiplied 2x4, but forgotten that `combine` does not have `!` variant :))
3. `manipulation` instead of `operation` is OK for me (could you please just translate my four bullets under your proposal so that it is clear what you think would be clearest for you). Thank you!

Author: In my post above I was suggesting the following:
1. `source_column_selector => operation_function => new_column_names`
2. whole Pair syntax is `operation`
3. interpretation of `operation` is defined in `operation syntax`
4. functions that interpret `operation` using the `operation syntax` are called `data frame manipulation functions`

Reviewer: I am OK with this. @nalimilan + @pdeffebach : agreed?

Author: I'll also suggest:

1. `source_column_selector => manipulation_function => new_column_names`
2. the whole `Pair` syntax is a `manipulation`
3. interpretation of `manipulations` is `manipulation syntax`
4. functions that interpret `manipulation syntax` are `functions supporting manipulation syntax` or `functions for manipulating dataframes`

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I had missed this thread. I'm fine with the "operation" terminology from https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/2907#discussion_r793008180, which I think we already use in a handful of places (though most of the time we indeed say "transformation"). Though note that this will require adapting docstrings to be fully consistent (should be easy).

I'm less fond of saying "manipulation", as to me this refers to functions such as `combine`, `select` and `transform`, rather than to the *operations* that are passed to them using the pair syntax.

Author: > 4. Functions that interpret `operation`s using `operation syntax` are called `data frame manipulation functions`.

@nalimilan, do you want to propose anything different for the above? `functions performing operations` from @bkamins suggestion felt too general to be referring only to the these seven functions. Can you think of a way to make this more clear?

Author: Okay, I just wanted to make sure you were okay with "manipulation" in that context.

| `transform!` | Modifies an existing data frame. | Retains both source and transformed columns. | Retains same number of rows as source data frame.   |
| `select`     | Creates a new data frame.        | Retains only transformed columns.            | Retains same number of rows as source data frame.   |
| `select!`    | Modifies an existing data frame. | Retains only transformed columns.            | Retains same number of rows as source data frame.   |
| `subset`     | Creates a new data frame.        | Retains both source and transformed columns. | Number of rows is determined by the transformation. |
| `subset!`    | Modifies an existing data frame. | Retains both source and transformed columns. | Number of rows is determined by the transformation. |
| `combine`    | Creates a new data frame.        | Retains only transformed columns.            | Number of rows is determined by the transformation. |

### Constructing Transformation Pairs

> All of the functions above use the same syntax which is commonly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

All of the functions above use the same syntax which is commonly
```

`transformation_function(source_dataframe, transformation)`.

> The `transformation` argument is a `Pair` which defines the

Reviewer: the naming here should be adjusted accordingly to what we agree above.

transformation to be applied to the `source_dataframe`,

> and it can take any of the forms listed below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and it can take any of the following forms (see below for a description of each component):
```

> - `source_column_selector => function`

Reviewer: maybe show the cases here in the order you explain them later (and hint that you are going to add these explanations)

Also add that these are the most common patterns.

Reviewer 2: Also, better say `source_columns_selector` or just `source_columns` as multiple columns can be selected.

Author: I will keep `selector` as this was one of the main confusions I had. You do not use the source columns themselves (e.g. `df.x`). To me `column` just indicates the type of `selector`, and a `selector` could select one or more columns. `columns_selector` feels a little clunky to me personally.

Author: Maybe `source_column_names` is better, but I don't know if `Not()` or `1` would count as names.

Reviewer: If we agree on what I have proposed above I think `source_column_selector` is OK, and I would give several examples of it to the user (like `1`, `:a`, `"a"`, `[:a, :b]`, `Not("a")` etc.) in the place where you would define it so that it is clear what we mean.

  - passes source column(s) to function
  - automatically names the resulting column(s)
- `source_column_selector => function => new_column_names`
  - passes source column(s) to function
  - names the resulting column(s) `new_column_names`

>     - *cannot be used with `subset` or `subset!`*

Reviewer 2: This should have the same indentation level as previous bullets, as it's not a sub-point of the previous one.

Author: I went back and forth on the best formatting here. I wasn't sure if italics was obvious enough to distinguish the main points from the side-notes. Open to suggestions.

Reviewer: ⚠️ is a nice emoticon for this I think + italics

- `source_column_selector => new_column_names`
  - renames source column

>     - *may only select one column unless broadcasting*

Reviewer 2: You mean `.=>` broadcasting? Then I wouldn't mention it as it's a different syntax from the one described in this point.

Author: Yes, okay.

Author: How about "*may only select one column (unless `.=>` broadcasting)*" or "*may only select one column*". @bkamins previously mentioned that I should add this point.

    - *may be used to split a column containing collections into multiple columns*
    - *cannot be used with `subset` or `subset!`*
- `source_column_selector`
  - selects source column(s) without transforming them
    - *often used with `select` or `select!` for isolating or moving columns*

> 

Reviewer: add somewhere that for `select` operations must return boolean vector.

#### `source_column_selector`
The most basic `source_column_selector` is a column name,

> but there are many more ways to select columns as explained

Reviewer: I think it would be good to give some examples

Author: I didn't touch the Examples section between the two sections I wrote since it covered most things. It would probably be better to rewrite and split it up, but that might be a separate PR.

Reviewer: What I mean is to put mini-examples everywhere in the text, see e.g. my proposal in https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/2907/files#r792878207 where I show what I mean by these examples

> in the first section of the [Indexing](@ref) API.

Reviewer: A special case of `source_column_selector` is `AsTable` that should be mentioned somewhere.

Author: I ignored the existence of `AsTable` here.

1. I've never used it.
2. I don't totally understand it.
3. It seems to break most of the rules I've neatly outlined.
4. Probably not for beginners?

Might be better to write a separate section on it.

Reviewer: > Might be better to write a separate section on it.

This is OK (and better to be done at the end)

> It seems to break most of the rules I've neatly outlined.

The rule is simple - instead of passing columns as consecutive positional argument you pass a `NamedTuple` as a single argument.

> Probably not for beginners?

Even beginners want to do row aggregation often like:
```
julia> df = DataFrame(ones(1, 100), :auto)
1×100 DataFrame
 Row │ x1       x2       x3       x4       x5       x6       x7       x8       x9       x10      x11      x12      x13      x14      x15      x16      x17    ⋯
     │ Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float6 ⋯
─────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1.0      1. ⋯
                                                                                                                                             84 columns omitted

julia> select(df, AsTable(:) => sum)
1×1 DataFrame
 Row │ x1_x2_etc_sum
     │ Float64
─────┼───────────────
   1 │         100.0
```
I think this example or similar with `mean` should be included somewhere as it is super common.

In general use `AsTable` if you have a function that *accepts a collection as its input* as opposed to list of arguments.

Note that these two operations are equivalent (also might be included to show the difference):

```
julia> df = DataFrame([1 2 3 4], :auto)
1×4 DataFrame
 Row │ x1     x2     x3     x4
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼────────────────────────────
   1 │     1      2      3      4

julia> select(df, r"x" => ByRow(min))
1×1 DataFrame
 Row │ x1_x2_etc_min
     │ Int64
─────┼───────────────
   1 │             1

julia> select(df, AsTable(r"x") => ByRow(minimum))
1×1 DataFrame
 Row │ x1_x2_etc_minimum
     │ Int64
─────┼───────────────────
   1 │                 1
```
If someone understands the difference between `min` and `minimum` then the need for `AsTable` will be clear after seeing this example.

Reviewer: Of course there are more advanced uses of `AsTable` (where you would refer to the actual column names as you can extract them out from a `NamedTuple`, but the ones I have listed above are most common).

#### `function`
Here `function` is a function which operates on an entire data frame
column passed as a vector.
If you instead want to apply a function to each element in the column,
then you can wrap your element-wise function in `ByRow` like
`ByRow(my_elementwise_function)`.
This will apply `my_elementwise_function` to every element in the column
and then collect the results back into a vector.

When multiple columns are selected by `source_column_selector`,

> the `function` will receive the columns as multiple positional arguments in the
> order they are selected like `f(column1, column2, column3)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`function` will receive the columns as multiple positional arguments in the
order they are selected, e.g. `f(column1, column2, column3)`.
```

Slurping and splatting with `...` can be used to define a function which can
accept any number of columns returned by `source_column_selector`.
For example, the function `f(columns...) = max.(columns...)` will return a new column
containing the largest element from each row for any number of input columns.

#### `new_column_names`
The results of the transformation will be placed into new columns
with names defined by `new_column_names`.
`new_column_names` may be a string, a symbol, a vector of strings,

> or a vector of symbols.

Reviewer: or `AsTable`.

Reviewer: Same here - `AsTable` can be discussed separately, but it is a common operation for splitting a column into multiple columns with automatic column naming:
```
julia> df = DataFrame(in=[(a=1,b=2), (a=3, b=4)])
2×1 DataFrame
 Row │ in
     │ NamedTup…
─────┼────────────────
   1 │ (a = 1, b = 2)
   2 │ (a = 3, b = 4)

julia> select(df, :in => AsTable)
2×2 DataFrame
 Row │ a      b
     │ Int64  Int64
─────┼──────────────
   1 │     1      2
   2 │     3      4

julia> select(df, :in => [:out_a, :out_b]) # you can also give the names of the columns explicitly
2×2 DataFrame
 Row │ out_a  out_b
     │ Int64  Int64
─────┼──────────────
   1 │     1      2
   2 │     3      4
```

In the `source_column_selector => function => new_column_names` transformation form,
`new_column_names` may additionally be a renaming function which operates on a string
or a vector of strings to create the destination column names programmatically.

In the `source_column_selector => function` transformation form,
`new_column_names` will be generated automatically as the function name
appended to the source column name with an underscore.
However, if keyword argument `renamecols=false` is passed
to the transformation function,
then the new columns will retain their original source names
instead of using automatically generated names.

#### More Information

> This transformation pair syntax is sometimes referred to as a mini-language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This transformation pair syntax is sometimes referred to as a the DataFrames
mini-language or domain-specific language (DSL).
```

> ## Basic Usage of Transformation Functions

Author: I am pretty much done updating this section. I will work on the Broadcasting with Transformation Functions section next when I find some time.

to the transformation function, then the new columns will
retain their original source names instead of using automatically
generated names.

#### More Information
This transformation pair syntax is sometimes referred to as a mini-language.
More details and examples of the transformation mini-language can be found in
[this blog post](https://bkamins.github.io/julialang/2020/12/24/minilanguage.html).

!!! Note Notes
    - Multiple transformations may be applied at once using any of the following:
      - `transformation_function(source_dataframe, transformation1, transformation2)`
      - `transformation_function(source_dataframe, [transformation1, transformation2])`
      - `transformation_function(source_dataframe, [transformation1 transformation2])`
    - Any of the `transformation` pair syntax forms shown above can also use
      broadcasting with `.=>` to apply multiple transformations at once.
      See the next section for examples.
    - More complex transformations are available through the syntax
      `transformation_function(function, source_dataframe)`.
      This usage is more advanced,
      so it is discussed in a separate section

>       [here](**TODO: Add a link to relevant info.**).

Author: I couldn't find a good place to link to for the transformation_function(function, source_dataframe) form. Even the API documentation doesn't seem to cover it much. I do not want to cover it in this section either. Maybe some external blog post exists?

Reviewer: `transformation_function(function, source_dataframe)` is the same as `transformation_function(source_dataframe, function)` - there is nothing special to it except that it allows `do` syntax (and that is why `subset` and `subset!` do not support it)

Author: Oh, okay.

showing how to pass or produce multiple columns using the `AsTable` operation
(which you might have seen in some DataFrames.jl demos) are given in the later
sections of the manual.

## Broadcasting with Transformation Functions

[Broadcasting](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/arrays/#Broadcasting)
is a convenient way to apply multiple transformations
within one call to a transformation function.
Broadcasting within the `Pair` of a `transformation` is no different than
broadcasting in base Julia.
The broadcasting `.=>` will be expanded into a vector of pairs,

> and this expansion will occur before the tranformation function is invoked.

Reviewer: maybe give some example here before moving to explanation of technical aspects what happens underneath?

Author: I didn't touch the Examples section between the two sections I wrote since it covered most things. It would probably be better to rewrite and split it up, but that might be a separate PR.

Reviewer: But the question is (maybe you are right though) if people will be able to digest the rules without seeing the examples?

To illustrate these concepts, let us first examine the `Type` of a basic `Pair`.

> In DataFrames, a `Symbol`, `String`, or `Integer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In DataFrames.jl, a `Symbol`, `String`, or `Integer`
```

```julia
julia> ["x" => "a", "y" => "b"]
2-element Vector{Pair{String, String}}:
 "x" => "a"
 "y" => "b"

julia> select(df, ["x" => "a", "y" => "b"])
3×2 DataFrame
 Row │ a      b
     │ Int64  Int64
─────┼──────────────
   1 │     1      4
   2 │     2      5
   3 │     3      6
```

We can use broadcasting to simplify the syntax above.

```julia
julia> ["x", "y"] .=> ["a", "b"]
2-element Vector{Pair{String, String}}:
 "x" => "a"
 "y" => "b"

julia> select(df, ["x", "y"] .=> ["a", "b"])
3×2 DataFrame
 Row │ a      b
     │ Int64  Int64
─────┼──────────────
   1 │     1      4
   2 │     2      5
   3 │     3      6
```

Note that `select` sees the same `Vector{Pair{String, String}}` argument
whether the individual pairs are written out explicitly or
constructed with broadcasting.
The broadcasting is applied before the call to `select`.

If a function is used as part of a transformation `Pair`,
like in the `source_column_selector => function => new_column_names` form,
then the function is repeated in each pair of the resultant vector.
This is an easy way to apply a function to multiple columns at the same time.

```julia
julia> f(x) = 2 * x
f (generic function with 1 method)

> julia> ["x", "y"] .=> f .=> ["a", "b"]

Reviewer 2: While you're at it, it would make sense to show an example of a trick which works very well but is hard to discover by yourself: `["x", "y"] .=> [f f2]` to apply several functions to several columns.

2-element Vector{Pair{String, Pair{typeof(f), String}}}:
 "x" => (f => "a")
 "y" => (f => "b")

julia> select(df, ["x", "y"] .=> f .=> ["a", "b"])
3×2 DataFrame
 Row │ a      b
     │ Int64  Int64
─────┼──────────────
   1 │     2      8
   2 │     4     10
   3 │     6     12
 ```

A renaming function can be applied to multiple columns in the same way.

```julia
julia> newname(s::String) = s * "_new"
newname (generic function with 1 method)

julia> ["x", "y"] .=> f .=> newname
2-element Vector{Pair{String, Pair{typeof(f), typeof(newname)}}}:
 "x" => (f => newname)
 "y" => (f => newname)

julia> select(df, ["x", "y"] .=> f .=> newname)
3×2 DataFrame
 Row │ x_new  y_new
     │ Int64  Int64
─────┼──────────────
   1 │     2      8
   2 │     4     10
   3 │     6     12
```

This broadcasting approach is even more useful if we use column selectors which
generate a vector of column names for us rather than writing them all out manually.
Consider a data frame with temperature data at three different locations taken over time.

```julia

> julia> df = DataFrame(Time = 1:4, Temperature1 = [20, 23, 25, 28], Temperature2 = [33, 37, 41, 44], Temperature3 = [15, 10, 4, 0])

Reviewer: can you add newlines to avoid overlong lines?

Author: Yes, forgot that was possible 😅

4×4 DataFrame
 Row │ Time   Temperature1  Temperature2  Temperature3
     │ Int64  Int64         Int64         Int64
─────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     1            20            33            15
   2 │     2            23            37            10
   3 │     3            25            41             4
   4 │     4            28            44             0
```

To convert all of the temperature data in one transformation,
we just need to define a conversion function and broadcast

> all of the rows except for `Time` to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it to all of the columns except `Time`.
```

Author: Last line should say "columns". The columns are broadcast to the function based on the direction of the `=>` arrow. The function is not broadcast to the columns right?

Reviewer 2: I think it's the function which is broadcast, as it's repeated to match the number of columns. Just like in `[1, 2] .+ 1`.

```julia
julia> celsius_to_kelvin(x) = x + 273
celsius_to_kelvin (generic function with 1 method)

julia> transform(df, Not("Time") .=> ByRow(celsius_to_kelvin), renamecols = false)
4×4 DataFrame
 Row │ Time   Temperature1  Temperature2  Temperature3
     │ Int64  Int64         Int64         Int64
─────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────
   1 │     1           293           306           288
   2 │     2           296           310           283
   3 │     3           298           314           277
   4 │     4           301           317           273
```

> The function `celsius_to_kelvin` above was defined to operate on scalar values.

Reviewer 2: The rest of this section deals with broadcasting over rows, while the part above was about columns. Can you try to make this difference clearer? The combination of both can be confusing.

Author: Sure
